README.md, before:

# Altium Libraries for JLCPCB Parts

This repository contains automatically generated libraries for a range of parts in JLCPCB's catalogue.

![preview](preview.png)

Component information is pulled from JLCPCB's website, parsed into an intermediate JSON format, and a SchLib file is directly generated using my unreleased .NET library for Altium documents.

The current library files are:

 - `jlcpcb_basic_resistors.schlib` - All 0402, 0603, and 0805 package resistors in the JLCPCB basic parts catalogue (approximately 256 parts)
 - `jlcpcb_basic_capacitors.schlib` - All 0402, 0603, and 0805 package capacitors in the JLCPCB basic parts catalogue (approximately 109 parts)
 - `jlcpcb_extended_capacitors.schlib` - All MLCC capacitors in package sizes 01005, 0201, 0402, 0603, 0805, 1008, 1206, 1210, 1806, 1812, 2010, 2512, and 2910 in the JLCPCB extended parts catalogue, excluding parts that were out of stock at the time of generation (approximately 10148 parts)

## Common Parameters

All parts have the following parameters set:

- Manufacturer
- Manufacturer Part Number
- JLCPCB Part Number
- JLCPCB Basic Part ("Yes" or "No")
- Package Size
- Category
- Datasheet link
- JLCPCB Part URL link

Each component references a footprint named with the format `TYPE-SIZE`, e.g. `RES-0603` or `CAP-0805`, in any loaded library. All you need is a PcbLib with those three footprints (you can create them with the IPC Footprint Wizard if you don't already have suitable ones) and they'll automatically be picked up from there within your project.

## Resistors

Each resistor has the following parameters populated if they are present in the JLCPCB/LCSC parametric data, in addition to the common parameters:

- Resistance
- Tolerance
- Power Rating
- Voltage Rating
- Temperature Rating
- Temperature Coefficient

## Capacitors

Each capacitor has the following parameters populated if they are present in the JLCPCB/LCSC parametric data:

- Capacitance
- Tolerance
- Voltage Rating
- Temperature Coefficient
- Temperature Rating

Commit message:

Overhaul of parts organisation, added extended resistors library.

README.md, after:

# Altium Libraries for JLCPCB Parts

This repository contains automatically generated libraries for a range of parts in JLCPCB's catalogue. These libraries contain schematic design items for more than 55000 parts.

![preview](preview.png)

Component information is pulled from JLCPCB's website, parsed into an intermediate JSON format, and a SchLib file is directly generated using my unreleased .NET library for Altium documents.

The current library files are:

 - `jlcpcb_resistors_basic.schlib` - All 0402, 0603, and 0805 package resistors in the JLCPCB basic parts catalogue (approximately 256 parts)
 - `jlcpcb_capacitors_basic.schlib` - All 0402, 0603, and 0805 package capacitors in the JLCPCB basic parts catalogue (approximately 109 parts)
 - `jlcpcb_resistors_extended.7z` - Archive containing schematic library files (organised by package size) for chip resistors in package sizes 01005, 0201, 0402, 0603, 0805, 1008, 1206, 1210, 1806, 1812, 2010, 2512, and 2910 from the in-stock JLCPCB extended parts catalogue (approximately 44387 parts total)
 - `jlcpcb_capacitors_extended.7z` - Archive containing schematic library files (organised by package size) for MLCC capacitors in package sizes 01005, 0201, 0402, 0603, 0805, 1008, 1206, 1210, 1806, 1812, 2010, 2512, and 2910 from the in-stock JLCPCB extended parts catalogue (approximately 10723 parts total)

Extended parts libraries are split up into separate SchLib files per package size because a combined SchLib file is too large and takes more than an hour to open.

## Warning

These schematic library files are **automatically generated**. The accuracy of the data is limited to the accuracy of the JLCPCB and LCSC parametric data. Always double check parametric data with the datasheet before assuming that a part is suitable for your needs.

## Common Parameters

All parts have the following parameters set:

- Manufacturer
- Manufacturer Part Number
- JLCPCB Part Number
- JLCPCB Basic Part ("Yes" or "No")
- Package Size
- Category
- Datasheet link
- JLCPCB Part URL link

Each component references a footprint named with the format `TYPE-SIZE`, e.g. `RES-0603` or `CAP-0805`, in any loaded library. All you need is a PcbLib with those three footprints (you can create them with the IPC Footprint Wizard if you don't already have suitable ones) and they'll automatically be picked up from there within your project.

## Resistors

Each resistor has the following parameters populated if they are present in the JLCPCB/LCSC parametric data, in addition to the common parameters:

- Resistance
- Tolerance
- Power Rating
- Voltage Rating
- Temperature Rating
- Temperature Coefficient

## Capacitors

Each capacitor has the following parameters populated if they are present in the JLCPCB/LCSC parametric data:

- Capacitance
- Tolerance
- Voltage Rating
- Temperature Coefficient
- Temperature Rating
